README.md, before:

# Small Basic Resources
Small Basic Resources (backup from TechNet Gallery)

Following each folder contains TechNet Gallery backup related with Microsoft Small Basic programming language.
- ***audio*** - [Created .m4a Audio Files](audio/README.md)
- ***challenge*** - [Small Basic: Challenge of the Month: Excel Workbook](challenge/README.md)
- ***csharp*** - [Xamarin Workbooks: Learn C# for Small Basic Users](csharp/README.md) (TBD)
- ***db*** - [Small Basic: Sample Output of Program Database](db/README.md) (TBD)
- ***draw*** - [Drawing Shapes A-Z Notebook for Microsoft Small Basic](draw/README.md)
- ***duck*** - [Small Basic: DuckShoot Images: PowerPoint Macro-Enabled Presentation](duck/README.md) (TBD)
- ***excel*** - [Small Basic: GetShapes VBA: Excel Macro-Enabled Workbook](excel/README.md) (TBD)
- ***game*** - [Small Basic Game: Platform Game Sample](game/README.md) (TBD)
- ***image*** - [Small Basic: Images for Small Basic: PowerPoint Macro-Enabled Presentation](image/README.md)
- ***ninja*** - [Images for TechNet Guru Iconography: PowerPoint Presentation](ninja/README.md) (TBD)
- ***ppt*** - [Small Basic: GetShapes VBA: PowerPoint Macro-Enabled Presentation](ppt/README.md)
- ***summit*** - [TechNet Wiki Summit 2015: Small Basic and TechNet: PowerPonit Presentation](summit/README.md)
- ***turtle*** - [Small Basic: Turtle Bitmap for Another Turtle Project: PNG Image](turtle/README.md)
- ***turtle2*** - [Small Basic: Another Turtle Project: PowerPoint Presentation](turtle2/README.md)
- ***tutorialj*** - [Tutorial: Creative Coding with Small Basic (ja-JP)](tutorialj/README.md)
- ***video*** - [TechNet Wiki Summit 2015: Small Basic and TechNet: Windows Media Video](video/README.md) (TBD)
- ***xamarin*** - [Xamarin Workbooks: Programming with Small Basic Objects](xamarin/README.md) (TBD)

Commit message:

2020-04-05 added plan in README.md

README.md, after:

# Small Basic Resources
Small Basic Resources (backup from TechNet Gallery)

## Backup and Update Plan
At first, I will backup following documents from [TechNet Gallery](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/) to here.  TechNet Gallery will retire in the first half of 2020.  After that, I will update all links to TechNet Gallery in these documents.

## Contents
Following each folder contains TechNet Gallery backup related with Microsoft Small Basic programming language.
- ***audio*** - [Created .m4a Audio Files](audio/README.md)
- ***challenge*** - [Small Basic: Challenge of the Month: Excel Workbook](challenge/README.md)
- ***csharp*** - [Xamarin Workbooks: Learn C# for Small Basic Users](csharp/README.md) (TBD)
- ***db*** - [Small Basic: Sample Output of Program Database](db/README.md) (TBD)
- ***draw*** - [Drawing Shapes A-Z Notebook for Microsoft Small Basic](draw/README.md)
- ***duck*** - [Small Basic: DuckShoot Images: PowerPoint Macro-Enabled Presentation](duck/README.md) (TBD)
- ***excel*** - [Small Basic: GetShapes VBA: Excel Macro-Enabled Workbook](excel/README.md) (TBD)
- ***game*** - [Small Basic Game: Platform Game Sample](game/README.md) (TBD)
- ***image*** - [Small Basic: Images for Small Basic: PowerPoint Macro-Enabled Presentation](image/README.md)
- ***ninja*** - [Images for TechNet Guru Iconography: PowerPoint Presentation](ninja/README.md) (TBD)
- ***ppt*** - [Small Basic: GetShapes VBA: PowerPoint Macro-Enabled Presentation](ppt/README.md)
- ***summit*** - [TechNet Wiki Summit 2015: Small Basic and TechNet: PowerPonit Presentation](summit/README.md)
- ***turtle*** - [Small Basic: Turtle Bitmap for Another Turtle Project: PNG Image](turtle/README.md)
- ***turtle2*** - [Small Basic: Another Turtle Project: PowerPoint Presentation](turtle2/README.md)
- ***tutorialj*** - [Tutorial: Creative Coding with Small Basic (ja-JP)](tutorialj/README.md)
- ***video*** - [TechNet Wiki Summit 2015: Small Basic and TechNet: Windows Media Video](video/README.md) (TBD)
- ***xamarin*** - [Xamarin Workbooks: Programming with Small Basic Objects](xamarin/README.md) (TBD)
